README.md, before:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

Amanda's amazing birthday app

## [License](LICENSE)

1.  All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1.  All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.
# Birthday-client

# Mission Statement

# Technologies Used

# User Stories
  ### Auth User Stories
  1. As a user, I want to be able to create an account on the Birthday App with a username.
  1. As a user, I want to be able to create a password associated to my account so that no one else can see my birthdays I created.
  1. As a user, I want to be able to sign into the Birthday App with the username and password I created.
  1. As a user, I want to be able to log out of the Birthday App when I am finished so that others using the same computer cannot access the account without my knowledge.
  ### Interface User Stories
  1. As a user, after I've pressed button, I want to see all the birthdays tied to my account so that I can see all my friend's birthdays at once.
  1. As a user, I want to be able to add new birthdays to my account so that I can continue to grow my birthday list.
  1. As a user, I want to be able to update a birthday so that I can correct any mistakes I have made.
  1. As a user, I want to be able to delete a birthday so that I don't have to remember someone's birthday I am not friends with anymore.

# Future Enhancements

# Developement Process

# Link to ERD
http://imgur.com/a/V9tjL

# Link to Wireframes
http://imgur.com/a/hHxAj

Commit message:

Updated functionality so that when you update a birthday the list shows your updated birthday w/o the user needing to click on show bdays again
1. In addition, removed all the console.log statements

README.md, after:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

Amanda's amazing birthday app

## [License](LICENSE)

1.  All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1.  All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.
# Birthday-client

# Mission Statement

# Technologies Used

# User Stories
  ### Auth User Stories
  1. As a user, I want to be able to create an account on the Birthday App with a username.
  1. As a user, I want to be able to create a password associated to my account so that no one else can see my birthdays I created.
  1. As a user, I want to be able to sign into the Birthday App with the username and password I created.
  1. As a user, I want to be able to log out of the Birthday App when I am finished so that others using the same computer cannot access the account without my knowledge.
  ### Interface User Stories
  1. As a user, after I've pressed button, I want to see all the birthdays tied to my account so that I can see all my friend's birthdays at once.
  1. As a user, I want to be able to add new birthdays to my account so that I can continue to grow my birthday list.
  1. As a user, I want to be able to update a birthday so that I can correct any mistakes I have made.
  1. As a user, I want to be able to delete a birthday so that I don't have to remember someone's birthday I am not friends with anymore.
  1. As a user, I want to know how many birthdays I have remaining in the year, so that I can budget properly for gifts.

# Future Enhancements

# Developement Process

# Link to ERD
http://imgur.com/a/V9tjL

# Link to Wireframes
http://imgur.com/a/hHxAj
